<!--README.md is generated by UpdateCONTENTS.sh-->
<!--Changes to README.md will be lost.-->

# common-m-SNIP

Short, somewhat simple, .m functions that I am using across repositories and projects (hence *common*).
Most of the times these come from pieces of larger scripts or from (then-)embedded functions (hence *snippets*).

## Prerequisites

There are no dependencies to additional toolboxes. Tested on MATLAB 2018a.

Should be OCTAVE-compatible, but this was not tested for.

## Installing

Add the repository folder (the one that this README is in) to your MATLAB® path.
The contents of './+SNIP' will be then available as a 'package directory'.

`SNIP.` must be prefixed to the called function.

Example:

```matlab
SNIP.function_name()
```

## List of scripts/functions

The contents of this list and of `SNIP.DispContents` are automatically updated after every commit is pushed, using Travis CI.

- **DispContents** Print out contents of SNIP package.
- **FwdRepro** Project array (rectangularly sampled) from WGS84 to UTM coordinates.
- **gdf2array** turn a gdf grid into an array with geographic reference
- **getGRDnan** get value at which NaNs are set in Surfer(R) grd format
- **InvRepro** Un-project array from UTM to WGS84 coordinates.
- **mapimagesc** wrap 'imagesc' to plot a 1:1 aspect, x,y-axis image
- **mapLP** lowpass Gaussian filter on image/map (as array)
- **resampleDH** resample grid to a grid complying to Driscoll and Healy (1994)
- **RoundToStep** round(/floor/ceil/fix) input vector to nearest arbitrary 'step' unit
- **SmallCrop** Given two maps, 'Big' and 'Small', crop 'Big' to the extent of 'Small'

## Authors

- **Alberto Pastorutti** - [github.com/apasto](https://github.com/apasto)

## Acknowledgements

Re-formatting the contents list in [UpdateCONTENTS](UpdateCONTENTS.sh) with `sed` was made possible by an answer to [Replace newlines with literal \n](https://stackoverflow.com/a/38672741/3146014) by stackoverflow user [anubhava](https://stackoverflow.com/users/548225/anubhava).

The automatic call to [UpdateCONTENTS](UpdateCONTENTS.sh) was implemented thanks to this helpful tutorial: [Update GH-pages automatically with Travis](https://romantsegelskyi.github.io/blog//2015/09/14/gh-pages-travis/) by [RomanTsegelskyi](https://github.com/RomanTsegelskyi).


## License

This project is licensed under the Apache-2.0 License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

<sup>MATLAB® is a registered trademark of The MathWorks, Inc.</sup>
<sup>Surfer® is a registered trademark of Golden Software, LLC.</sup>